I'm Andrew Sumner I'm the director of
sites of merchandise were a global
merchandise company we specialize in a
lot of apparel for brands like Doctor
Who and Marvel but I'm here at new york
toy fair 2015 mainly talking about our
Titans branded vinyl collectibles and we
do a whole range of vinyl collectibles
ranging from three triggers it's a for
an hour of it triggers six figures nine
inch figures across a wide variety of
licenses and what Titans are is a super
dysmorphic manga style vinyl collectible
figures and our principal license for
for 2013 when we first came to market
was dr. you but tremendous success with
Doctor Who producing 3 inch line box
figure collections there were like
baseball cards don't know what you're
going to get you open up the box and you
find a surprise in there and that's your
particular design here at so far we've
got the latest range of dr. new figures
which is our 12th doctor rebel time lord
collection Titans and we're also
launching our ghostbusters Titans we're
launching our alien Titans will look to
our breaking bad Titans are dragon age
tightens up Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Titans whole variety of water and stuff
we got rolling out over the next six
months here in the USA and Canada and
we're also we've just announced our
Sherlock wave of titans a great wave of
Sherlock 3-inch blind box items that
comes out in August this year and that's
what we're here it shows to do and it's
been a very busy show but we get a
phenomenal reaction to the to the
produce pieces that we produce
essentially we produce the best quality
vinyl in the market we're not the
biggest company Bowie are certainly
best-in-class the scopes of our pieces
are awesome and the actual quality of
angel individual pieces we do and we
become a collector favorite purely on
the basis of the greatness of water
and we're big super fans within Titan we
really live and breathe these properties
we take great pride in bringing them to
life for the collector the collector is
what I am it's what the guys who work
for me are it's what the guys who
produced the pieces are and the
collectors are breathing person we
understand and love to interact with so
you can come and visit us at time
merchandise and see all the great stuff
we do either at Titan merchandise calm
you can follow us on twitter at Titan
merch you can check us out on Instagram
we're always updating the new latest
releases and designs that we've got
previewing a new stuff and we got loads
more great licenses thought be
announcing during the course of 2015
Sherlock is just the first of many new
licenses I'm going to announce this year
next year and come see is at stand 50
seven eight nilufer we're right here